[Music]
[Applause]
everyone
welcome to another episode of office
hours where we teach you the things they
don't teach you in the classroom
about creating memorable one-to-one
experiences for the folks that you want
to do business
with i'm pumped for my guest today for
two reasons one
one of the best experiences i've ever
had as a speaker
uh was right here had with amelia and
her team at saster
uh but i am also super excited because
amelia knows
what what all my event marketers need to
know about creating
really good events experiences so amelia
who is the gm and svp
over there at saster thank you so much
for joining me on this episode
of office hours i am stoked thanks for
having me
so i am thrilled to chat with you today
because events
have been like this the secret weapon
for a lot of marketers
who were completely thrown off guard by
last year's pandemic
they were trying to find new meaningful
ways to build connection
build community with the folks that they
wanted to do business with
and there were some folks that like
totally crushed it and some folks who
created additional noise for the rest of
us to have to compete for eyeballs for
is that what you were seeing on your end
as well too yeah for sure right like we
not only disaster have its own community
right so we
we've done in-person events which people
know us for we pivoted to doing
online now we're making a return to do
both
in-person and digital uh but we also
work with a
ton of companies like yourself um at
alex we have a lot of sponsors who
participate in our community
so you know we're talking to hundreds
and hundreds of sas companies who either
did their own events or
teamed up with disaster so yeah that's
really what i found too right it was
like
first there was sort of a lull of what
are we all gonna
do right like but we were even looking
around like what are
what are what are we all doing here
what's up right now
suddenly you have all the you've all
this demand right of people who are
trying to figure out what to do
next and you have all this budget like
all the skilled marketing budget that
was
either already earmarked or you know set
aside for
things like field events whether it's
sas or others you know dreamforce
um and then suddenly you can't deploy
that capital there
and people do use it to your point right
as a way to drive connections like
usually they're in different areas you
know different locations
you can do a lot of things that events
right it's not just oh let me
grab somebody who comes by the booth
have a really good conversation with
them like that's part of it right but i
see that as like baseline like
you also want to do something with your
customers you want to talk to the people
who are already in your funnel right
like
got some pipeline acceleration going
like close those deals that you had
pending
um there's so much more you could talk
to the other sponsors like
our sponsors love talking to one another
right they're always like yeah i went
over there and talked to like ben dover
and talked to like
inside and suddenly like we're teaming
up too i'm like great like make
connections right
yes i call that the professional meet
cute
you know like when you just like happen
to be stationed next to somebody else's
booth and you're like oh hey what do you
do that's so cool we should find a way
to like partner or you're in line right
yeah
yeah you're in line for coffee yeah
whatever it may be right and i love
things like alice because because of the
gifting element right like
one of our companies brought something
where they were like oh we brought gifts
for all the other sponsors who are our
neighbors right we wanted to like foster
this meat cube that you're talking about
and like make it stick with them and
they're like we got so much roi from it
just by like talking to our neighbors
who had a neighboring booth but anyway
right like there was this
there's this patch of demand of like
field marketing budgets and people were
like okay what are we going to do next
so
for us right because we work with a lot
of different sas verticals and companies
we saw a like a 100x
increase in like digital media right at
faster and for other brands and that
encompasses everything from like
newsletters digital events which
obviously emerge as like a top contender
smaller virtual like either happy hours
cooking classes interactions right some
small group
online activities um but everything
digital sort of just exploded in the
last year
yeah it's it's been really interesting
too and i
like that you brought up a couple of
these more non-traditional like
person based experiences not
professional based
experiences because i think one of the
things we're noticing as well too on our
end is that people
are aren't necessarily focused on the
industry-based conference they're also
now starting to fold in like what's the
interest-based experience that we can
create
for folks yeah and i think that's that's
something we kept in mind right as we
went from
in person to digital like it's funny
because now that we're planning a return
in person right like we're planning on
having our
elements this fall i'm gonna say hybrid
loosely and put in airports for those
who are watching versus listening
like loosely we we like to call it
perpendicular right it's like
two perpendicular experiences like
there's one in person there's one
digital
they converge at some paths but hybrid
is really like
almost like a lazy marketing like word i
want to say
oh my gosh we have to go into this wait
like let's
talk more about this so hybrid
tell me more unpack this for me all
right let me go back for a particular
for you
okay i think hybrid has become this
amorphous term right i've used it i'm
sure you've used it we've all used this
word of like oh hybrid meaning in person
and digital but like where those paths
meet
is so different for everyone like the
definitions different
like the bar is different right like
what does this mean like
i've seen other like commercial things
go hybrid now right especially like if
you watch sports right they're sort of
doing
mixed in person with obviously you can
watch fun tv
um that sort of thing sort of some live
events are doing that there's some
shows starting like some smaller
concerts that are coming back and doing
that right where it's like okay
hybrid has sort of become a morpheus i
think for me and for many marketers it's
streaming
it's like oh well it's a hybrid event
because i'm just gonna stream
whatever we're doing to the internet
right which i'm like
well we've been doing that everyone's
been doing that for years like a lot of
conferences beam out what they're doing
apples keynotes or
by definition they've been hybrid for
forever right it's always like right
they've got an audience in front of them
and then everyone else on planet earth
is watching it online right so i'm like
okay right
that's then that's a hybrid event i
think hybrid and
streaming has become so synonymous that
we don't like to use this term when we
do our event planning right because i'm
like
fine yeah sure it's hybrid there's we're
going to stream the speakers from the
stages to
the digital component right so people
can watch if they can't make it
right maybe they can't make it for
various reasons now versus before right
maybe before it was budget but maybe now
it's
they're still in lockdown but you know
we're fully allowed or
they're not comfortable yet leaving
their house or just
maybe they want to leave their house but
they don't want to sit next to you know
4 000 other people
comfortability levels are different
right yeah
so i think that's that's become sort of
a lazy
synonym right of like hybrid and
streaming so for us we like to think
about it more
perpendicular events right like there's
a digital component there's an in-person
component
yes they're going to meet at certain
places and yes we're going to stream
what we do
in person online but also like we're
already planning for a fall event to
have
one complete digital only day so like
the people who can only tune in and the
people who are there right it doesn't
mean like we won't
throw it up on the screen and like have
people watch but
i think you need something like this
where you think about both experiences
i think otherwise like it becomes sort
of like just either just streaming
or something sort of in the middle um
whereas i feel like perpendicular is
like
you want to have a good experience for
both parties like
whether it's an attendee who's just
watching it or it's an attendee who's
there in person
you want them both to feel like they got
you know for us the saster experience
right like
they felt like they were part of the
community whether it was
in person and they saw content and
speakers and got to ask a question or it
was digital and they tuned in
and there was some only digital content
that they and there was some digital
networking rate there's networking at
both
which you have to do differently these
days like that way they feel like they
got
a good experience i feel like hybrid
sort of becomes this lazy term for
streaming where you can get away with
just streaming it and that's good enough
right where i'm like that's not good
enough that just means
people are watching it but like if
there's no networking for the online
audience if there's nothing exclusive
for the online audience
i feel like they're gonna yeah it's like
it's not as good right
like you gotta make things you gotta
make both really good
so are you gonna be so bold as to say
that the future state of a field
marketing team or an event marketing
team is going to have one
digital event marketer focused on the
digital experience and
one in-person event marketer folks or
like a team
that's dedicated to both experiences i
think a team
dedicated to both right like we're
literally
we have an events team now and our
events team has
worked on both but as we're ramping up
our scheduled events right of like
okay we have a full scheduled visual
advance and we're ramping up to
a mostly full schedule and then next
year a full schedule right of in-person
events like
i'm literally high you can look on our
website we're literally hiring for like
ahead of
um a head of event off which is like you
know in normal in-person events and i'm
hiring for a head of digital events like
i'm literally hiring
separate people for these things so that
they can both deliver
on their goals right and like obviously
they'll be some crossover there'll be
some meeting in the middle
you know they'll they'll play nicely
together but yeah i i do think it's
going to be
a separate team for each and then
they'll come together
but i think to do both well you you have
to right
now you have to because if one will end
up being the afterthought right like
one will end up being something that
you're like and then we'll just kind of
like throw them about
in this experience like that right and
that is the surefire way to make sure
that people
do not have the right experience at your
event right
interesting speaking of experiences and
you reference disaster experience and i
would be remiss if i did not talk about
the experience i had
when i got to meet you and your team for
the first time as you prepped me for
the contest yeah the first time i met
you
it was the first time we met i was so
blown away by how thorough
and how well prepped i felt walking away
from the conversation
but i think it's because you did not at
all
or my dogs decide to chime in in this
this portion of today's reading cody
doesn't chime in regularly but she's
really
feeling this this one concept um
but the the content that was the key
right there like
yeah i have been treated very well at
all the experiences and people have been
so
appreciative and so grateful and so
helpful and kind but it was
it was your emphasis on what content is
going to
make the experience meaningful that
really stuck out for me like
talk to me about that how did you come
to
use that as your due north for creating
the attendee experience
it's it's something where like sasser
has always been known for its content
right like
in the early days like jason had the
first jason who's assassinated governor
he um you know he started faster in
person
back in 2015 right so back then
it was like bringing folks that he knew
or folks that were up and come
up and coming at the time right like
stewart butterfield
if it's snacks from like like if you go
back and look at the
2015 website like it still exists on the
internet i'm like
all the heavy hitters who could get out
there there's a way back machine let's
talk
about that like all the heavy hitters
and sounds
were there right um and so we we sort of
we sort of so not synonymously became
known for like contents because like
year after year it's like okay we
we brought back you know heavy hitters
we we got all the
celebrities of sass if you will we
literally call them south liberties
that's after um like all the celebrities
of sass
like kept coming year after year right
it really became this place where we
became known because
not only were they like heavy headers
but they were being honest right they
were sharing their playbooks
they're being more open right we don't
do
one of the rules like you're talking
about right when you refer to our
content planning is
we have a very lengthy like
submission guidelines we have very
lengthy like
content guidelines as you now know right
like some of the things we have is
you know we talk formatting plays a role
and a part of it but
um you know we have a lot of these
guidelines now that we've developed over
the years to keep the content really
good and that's how like
we sort of became known for content and
like it just
ramped up from there like everything we
did added to
the value of our content as a whole and
we just kept like
sometimes it's hard because you're like
oh i have to up myself now like i gotta
keep
upping our own game but because we
follow our own guidelines right we
drink our own teas of our own champagne
right like it's we keep ourselves to
this higher bar and we keep trying to
continually prove it so like
the process you're going through with
alice is one where it's like
we've worked on that process continually
over the last you know
couple years with not only the community
but also with sponsors of like okay
what what are the guidelines how can we
just fill this down how can we work with
you right
we make sure that there's no repeats
right like so if
stuart butterfield is speaking at um
faster and then you know going to
dreamforce we're like it's got to be
different content right
we don't allow anyone to really do like
a road show piece where it's like you
know they're they're doing faster and
maybe so here we go again with exactly
yeah
yep exactly so it's like and sometimes
right we have some of those
players who are like doing that type of
thing right so we work extra hard if
it's like you know i know like
in the last year a lot of the heavy
hitters came out with their own books
right like
rob birds even cooper jeff lawson from
twilio
uh todd mckinnon vermont like they all
came out with their own books right
and they're like yeah we want to promote
this after this asteroid it's really
okay but you can't come on and do a book
tour right like because
you've already done that and like
imagine
being on this side of the fence and
telling you know
jeff laffin and his team like
yes but no just right out of my brain it
would be like i don't know
how i would work at the courage say like
thanks but no thanks exactly it's like
it's on a no but we're like
yes of course we want jeff what
yeah like how do i break it to you that
like i want we want to do something
original with him like
okay he's obviously talking about like
you know how to work with developers but
how do we actually put a spin on it
that's more disaster so it's a new piece
of content right so like
jeff's a great example where um we've
been doing jason's been doing like these
five interesting learning pieces on
stafford.com with like five interesting
learnings about like the top cloud
companies
so like we took that and combined it
with like what he wanted to talk about
the book and made it like a brand new
piece of content right so like
nice they chatted about it together it
was not something that he had
previously really been talking about
because you know we basically put our
own content in about
where we see twilio going um and like
bridge that gap there and made a new
piece of content right so it's not
it's something where it takes a lot of
it takes a lot of guts right to tell
these people
thanks but let me like yes i really want
you
i think sometimes right it's hard
because you're like i really want this
speaker
and like i want to say yes to whatever
they want
under the sun and planet earth that i
could possibly give them
and usually that means you're taking
whatever piece of content they've
already like ran
or something they you know their pr team
has said yes to
or something that like there's been a
few times right where
we've worked with high profile staff
speakers and they're like okay these are
like
sort of the approved areas you can go
down and then you know we get on with
them and it's actually less horrible
than that we try and get like you know
still the
tactical bits out of folks so um it's
something again like
we've built upon it we've obviously
ground tested it we know
our audience right so we always stress
like okay like let's work with you on
crafting a topic that's new
original um it's inclusive right we have
a strict
no mantles role which you know
like like all that stuff right when we
try and get
new voices we have a new voices rule
internally we're like okay if it's
some repeat speakers and some heavy
hitters we have to make sure we're also
bringing in new voices
we've got to make sure you know or
sometimes we pair people together that
they
sometimes they don't know each other
before we pair them together for a
session we're like hey we want to pair
this new voice with someone
who's like more of a heavy hitter like
what do you guys think about this sort
of curveball topic so
it's a lot of content planning and
meeting um
you know we have a we we have a cred pr
who helps us on our content side
uh we have like an internal internal
teams involved in content and it's also
something where it's like
i've instilled it in everyone right like
i think something you probably noticed
with us is like
i was on your call because um you guys
are like sometimes a content team and i
like to fight and conquer some things
and
yeah we've been doing these sort of prep
calls we made them mandatory
as you know last year sort of happened
because
right before when it was in person it's
right you can meet up you can go over it
with them like people
in the green room right you can just
it's kind of easier for in-person events
to like sort of do the talking points on
the fly
um yeah so it was a really implemented
starting last year and then going
forward of like okay no everybody and
everybody has to do a prep call right
like doesn't matter who you are doesn't
matter what level like
we make sure everybody does the prep
call so you feel ready
you understand our audience you
understand what works
you understand the formats you
understand what people want to hear
right and that's
that all takes time and effort and
energy and i have to settle that down
to everyone like content is top of mind
for our whole team like the whole sales
team knows our content rules and
guidelines like
our sdr knows the content rules and
guidelines right like our
head of finance there's the content
roles and guidelines like literally
everybody knows them
or wide right and so i think putting
that emphasis on content has really
helped us build it out
and then we continue to evolve it really
we're always like oh okay like we saw
like
this format worked a little better oh or
oh this speaker
did it this way that worked really well
like why don't we try that idea with
other speakers right so
we just keep raising the bar so it's
it's sometimes hard to top ourselves
right we have this
in-person event coming up in september
and i was like we've literally had
almost every high-profile sas speaker
come and speak at a digital event so
like the bar to come speak at our
in-person event has gotten like
so incredible
but makes sense right because the
hardest part
right now and i think the first point
that you brought up um
about the hybrid events and this part
about
your um cultural norms about the
standards of quality
in your content are getting into really
important things is that you're not
going to take the
easy way out because the easy way out is
a surefire way to create a subpar
experience for
everyone for the attendees for your
sponsors and for your own team as well
and it's it's especially with access to
now that people really tap into digital
like everybody and their mother has a
podcast
myself included now obviously um
and so content digital content has just
exploded
in the last year so we've been sitting
at and staring at the same four walls
for 375 plus days
and so it's the teams that focus on that
quality and do and keep themselves
disciplined around the markers of
quality especially
quality for their audiences those are
the teams that are winning on the
experiences
those are the teams that keep getting
people to come back
year after year after year or multiple
times throughout the year
to the events and i think it i think the
word you used earlier was lazy but like
yeah
like you can tell the difference between
a team who's taking the easy way out the
faster way out
versus the harder work it being
it being invested but the much higher
quality output on the other side
right and it's it's sometimes it's hard
right like i don't want to say that like
i don't want to buck it and give the
wrong impression that like oh
if you're a lazy marketer that's why
you're not winning like you could just
work like 10x harder like
it is working 10x harder but it's also
like you know to what i just mentioned
it's
distilling that down across the entire
or so like everybody gets
why content needs to be this good or why
experiences need to be so good right
it's like
if one person has buy-in sure i'm sure
you can make
one really good event right and be like
wow bless everyone out of the water
and then sort of revert back to just
like okay spooling up
a you know webinar or whatever it is um
and calling it and like you know calling
it a day
so i think pushing yourself to
the end it's tough right like there's no
perfect events platform out there for
digital events there's
no perfect way to get the recording
right like
there's dogs there's babies there's kids
there's lighting issues there's
sometimes we've literally had speakers
drop off in the middle of their session
because their internet went out right
it's like
there's there's all these other like
being live
factors that can go wrong right and i
think
i i'm not a fan of pre-recording content
either
like you know in this day and age i
think especially right now in the middle
of the pre-recorded
okay it's fine don't worry about it like
you just move on from it and pretend
like
it's like a live event right yeah again
yeah yeah for like a live event like i
just think it's it's
hard to foster really great engagement
it's like you know there's no chance for
the audience to engage or
there's no chance for people to ask
questions or
for people to interact with one another
like one thing we've become
fans of is um we we use
zoom for like a lot of the the speakers
because obviously
it's hard when you have the scale that
we do right to like teach
hundreds of speakers a year to use a
different product than something they're
already used to like sometimes it does
become
sometimes it will turn a yes into a no
if the tech becomes way too complicated
right so we try and keep it simple too
um from that sort of production
experience so
we use zoom and then we pipe it to
different places right we've typed into
different event platforms we've typed it
out for live streaming
um but something we've become a fan of
is like
zoom instead of doing a webinar we'll
actually just do a large
zoom has this large mating feature where
you can actually like you can let the
speakers in first
you know we get them all prepped and
then you can actually let the audience
in
like you let them in they can see them
they literally turn on their cameras and
ask the questions
they like will be like oh that's such a
great point like what about this from my
company right
it's like it's kind of like you're doing
a small group
thing and i was just gonna say yeah even
admitting people into a room it's just
like going to the massive
conference hall while everybody's like
waiting anxiously outside so they can
get the best
seat to sit in front of this the
moderator or the stream it's so funny
too that's the amount of times we've had
like audience members be like oh i know
that person or like the speaker be like
oh i know this guy
it's like it's a plan in the audience
it's really not it's unplanned right but
like i'm kidding
it's like they know we like the audience
members start to know each other or they
see the same person just like you would
an irl right like you see the same
person especially you're like
what are you up to i've seen her like
all day here exactly that's professional
meet cute that's what i'm talking about
happen all the time i get it i totally
get it
and i think so my team if they're
listening to this are going to roll
their eyes but like my life philosophy
is work smarter not harder
right and so what you've also just
described is
you talked about your team's cultural
norms around like
content is king and the experience is
king or queen um
and so those are the two things that
you'll always prioritize
and then not making the experience
difficult or cumbersome for people who
are
hoping to join forces with you and if
that means
using zoom and the tool that like you
know is not
known necessarily for its massive event
digital event experience right
but if you can then engineer an
experience layer on top of that
so that your speakers just have
something that's comfortable that's
normal
that's just the run-of-the-mill for them
so they don't have to be stressed like
again those tiny details make a big
impact on the experience
yeah it really does right it's like
something you said that like i
we always we always try to innovate on
is right like okay where
where's our audience now like where
where are they
going where do we think they're going to
be right like where do we think events
are going where do we think they're
going to be
and how can we manufacture that
experience so that
there's different experiences of
different sciences right like
yes we have keynotes at our events right
we have smaller
but then we have smaller workshops that
are more like a couple hundred
or like a fee like one to few one to
many
like you know we one one on one we've
always
had like networking via several
different apps right like
we've had networking for years to foster
like more one-on-one personalized
engagements we've done things
like you know speed networking we've
been recruiting fairs like trying to get
you know more people to have
sort of those professional meet cues
you're talking about right so it's like
yes you're going to this
community gathering at saska right and
yes there's gonna be times where there's
more people around there's gonna be
times where there's less people around
or
there's gonna be times where you go to a
one-on-one meeting or you go to a
meeting with
20 other folks right it's like we try
and just think about making sure that
as an attendee whether it's in person or
it's digital
you feel like you've gone all three of
those at some point right like not just
oh i only had one-on-one meetings or i
only had
a small group or i only had one to many
right
we try and manufacture it so that it's
really those attendees can pick their
own adventure but like if they wanted to
right they could have
each of those experience and create it
the way they want to so that they could
get the most out of it like if they're
hiring
we have like we do like these strawboard
things where you know we
facilitate some of that in our
networking app so that people can find
picture
interviews like people have literally
hired people at faster or
people have gotten funded at stanford
like they did a bunch of vc meetings
right like
to really pick your own adventure and
like whatever your goal is
probably achieve it because it's like
three days and thousands of people you
can meet the right person right it's
i know for some folks right it feels
intimidating especially going from
being in the same homes like being back
in that sort of community environment
but i do think you know people are gonna
want it
i do think people are gonna want both
right like tying back to sort of what we
were chatting about earlier i do
think the future of events is really
both and it's really crafting these
great
experiences for both audiences right and
making sure that they have those
connections and that
those connections get fostered
continually right like
some of the magic of disaster is like
some of the folks who have
gotten funding have come back and spoke
or some folks who have like
you know moved companies but are still
within like disaster ecosystem have
come back and spoken or come back and
sponsored or come back and
participated in some sort of way right
or like
become a mentor to someone else in the
faster community right
um i i think that sort of stuff will
sort of
it's there's always been that need for
it right so it's not anything that's
going to go away it's just
nailing the format and pushing your
teams right
to really think about how to do those
engagements and just holding yourself to
it right
whether it's via content or an
experience or networking or
whatever it is it's like it's just such
a high bar sometimes it's hard don't get
me wrong i'm like okay how are we gonna
how are we gonna take the easy way out
here and just say exactly but instead
i gotta say no because we know that that
is going to make the experience that
much better
right so it's you know we always try and
it's not like
role play of scenarios okay if i'm this
kind of attendee or find this kind of
sas company or if i'm at this company's
stage or if i'm at this
level professionally like what are some
of the experiences i'm gonna want so i
feel like i got
something out of it and then i want to
come back and like continually be a part
of this
yeah i mean it sounds to me as you're
describing this that like
you've gone back to basics in marketing
which is
know your audience right like know
you don't know where they are yeah man
meet them where they are
right like yeah create experiences and
and have
empathy for them as they go through this
experience
and always be thinking and seeing the
world through
their lens through their view and not
starting with
this self yeah i mean for and a lot of
that's true sometimes too right
like i have to do that a lot because not
all the
content at faster is for someone like
myself right like
i i came up via marketing um although
now i'm more like a
gm so i wear a lot of hats right so it's
like
in the early days when i first started
like i was doing like
just marketing and i was like well this
content is not
for someone such as it's more like ceo
founder focus
you know revenue leaders vps of
marketing i was like i'm not a vp at the
time
i was like you know how how do i get
how do i get through to these folks when
like i'm not personally like attached to
what i'm seeing and what we're producing
so um it is like you know
understanding your audience and talking
to them understanding them understanding
what makes them ticks like
why they get up in the middle of the
night like what drives them
right and like where they are like one
of the things we've done
in the last year is like yeah you know
to the point of simplicity of using zoom
we pipe zoom into many other layers
right it's like we do
lives we've done things with like read
stream we've bumped into like different
live streaming platforms
um but it's because like our audience is
already on
social media right like they're already
on their phones they're already
on right they're community tools right
it's like
why would you force them to go through
like a more traditional virtual events
platform if they don't want to right not
that we don't have we've done that
experience too we've done that too but
like
the last event we just had after build
like we did it
all the waves right which pisses any
virtual event platform off because
they're like
where are using us and you're live
streaming and you're streaming to
youtube i'm like well the audience is
there right and like
yes we have thousands of people who
sign up for the event formally and like
sign in to you know these platforms
because they want that experience they
like the networking component layer
right
they like having it all in one place but
some the majority of our audience
doesn't do that they just
want to watch it on social because they
can watch it on their phone they can
watch it on the background they don't
have to sign into anything they don't
have to worry about their zoom password
like
i'm like yeah we're going to do both
which they're
ever they're just continually frustrated
by this right where again it's like to
the point you just have to stick to like
what is your core value like is the
content is it going to where your
audience is and like
yeah but any vendor is going to be a
little peeved at you but like just do
it anyway because you know your audience
right and like at the end of the day
it'll actually be better because
more of your audience will be like oh
there's a networking component and
you're like yeah but you sort of have to
sign in to do some networking it's like
at that point you have to sign it right
like there's a trade-off there right
here's the train
that's fine people are okay with that
yeah a small one but a trade-off right
so it's like understanding that like we
still do all these things and sometimes
we do
multiple things or sometimes you know i
can't even tell you how many times
for an in-person event are our events
agencies like well why do you do it this
way or why do you do it that way i'm
like
those people are different yeah
i mean it's it's just simple right like
it's just humans
are hardwired this way um and that's
where
i find a lot of folks are you know
there's that saying if you build it they
will come
but yeah that's not the case for events
like you could build
the best experience possible by your own
definition of the best experience
possible
but what matters is your attendees
experience
and making sure that that is what you
built and then they woke up
yeah i agree with you right and i think
what you guys are doing over at alice is
super important right of
making it personal getting people to
come
thinking about experiences right or
traditional more traditional gifting the
way you guys have done
it um i think that's all important
because
to your point like nobody has to use any
sas platform out there right like
nobody has to use alice nobody has to
come disaster but they do
because if you build these experiences
and people have a good one they'll want
to come back right they'll want to
they'll want to re-engage with you like
for traditional
more traditional staff platform like
your celebrate it's like yes marketer
turnover and marketing is tough right
because you're you're continually having
to resell not only to the business
but then to that person right so if that
person has a good experience
the chances they're going to want to buy
alice and use that other new company is
higher right if they have
a good experience the first time so then
you actually
expand upon this sort of high turnover
marketing because
you've won that business that they used
to be on over and you've won their new
business right so
i just think crushing it from the
experience side has so many benefits
well as you said earlier too you have
speakers who
attend saster year over year over years
back into the speakers and they they
level up their game year after year
so that flywheel effect comes in for
speakers and attendees it comes in for
folks who are thinking about their
business
in that way to then just build a better
momentum the way we think about it is
like
the more moments you make that are
personalized or personal
the more momentum you have in that
flywheel the faster it's going to spin
and the more efficient that it's going
to spend
yeah can't couldn't agree more excellent
well before we hang out by one final
question
and of all the things that we've talked
about today i can imagine someone is
reevaluating their approach to their
events but
they might be feeling a little
overwhelmed
where where should someone start if they
really do want to evaluate this
experience
what's what's that starting point for
them yeah that's a good question right
like i think that's a great
final question but just a great question
overall um
it can be overwhelming sometimes right
like sometimes we have meetings that i'm
like
that was a this is a tough one um and
sometimes
you know i i i get on as many
speakers and content calls as i can
because i like to just hear
i like to hear right what it's not that
the team really gives me all these
circles
like they could so you can figure they
they've been here long enough for like
like i said right everybody knows sort
of the bar for content so they've all
gotten well burst on it right so i'm
like
don't really need me to come reinforce
that but like i can
um but sometimes right people come
and they don't have a topic ready or
they want to do something
that's a repeat or they want to do
something that's too commercialized
um right so it's like how do you
delicately
go through these folks like and how do
you stick to that and where do you start
right it does get overwhelming sometimes
if you're like okay like
this day i had a day of all bad content
calls and this day i had a day of all
good content calls right like
it it can be tough or because there's
not the perfect
events platform out there and because
it's
part because there's so many events out
there now right like there's so many
podcasts and events and everything
there's a lot out there it's like how do
i make sure
mine sticks out right and it's
i think you know we did ourselves a
service
in formalizing all of this right like
it's not like we did a v2 mom like
i don't really love those but you know
we
we wrote out our content guidelines and
they're our bible right and like we
update
our bible of okay here's our speaker
content and guidelines
here's what we consider a great piece of
content here's what we consider
a bad piece of content like let's start
there right like
however you do it maybe you're a fan of
youtube moms like no
if you write it out in notion whatever
it is right i think if you write it out
of not only where you are but where you
want to be right of like okay like
this is where we are today but this is
actually where i want to be that will
help you with your north star to plan
everything else right this is what i do
when you know i've been i've been
interviewing a lot of
events events professionals a lot of
marketing
we're hiring like crazy at faster um
and they're always like oh well like
what's your north star and i'm like well
it's either this or it's that for market
like
for marketing right i'm like marketing
as a kpi
that's our north star events right i'm
like
event content has the north star it has
a kpi right like it's
it's a little harder to quantify but we
have a kpi that's
you know i sort of referenced a little
earlier like percentage of new voices
percentage of inclusion uh different
types of
uh you know titles is not just like
founders but also like
vps who are in the trenches up and
comers right like
we look at content diversity between
like how much
founder content is there how much
marketing content is there how much
sales content is there like
people love sales content that's faster
right so i'm like
pushing my own vpn sales to do more um
sales content right i'm like
we always try and make like engineering
content has really blown up with the
last year like
we always try and make sure like okay
like these are our metrics this is where
we are this is where we want to get out
for our kpis and our north stars
and then we start there like honestly
it's it seems hard and it could seem
overwhelming but if you have a metric
or a north star kpi for every
section right you can't have too many
because there's like inflatables but i
think you know if content has one
the content team knows what they're
working towards sales has one stills
knows if they're working towards
marketing has one
marketing has a revenue permit i'm like
they know what they're working towards
right i'm like
everybody has either a number in some
format
that they're working towards and that
helps distill and inform all your other
decisions because if you're like
oh what am i doing today okay i'm doing
this oh that actually doesn't help
this goal i'm turning this number i'm
trying to hit it doesn't help me
increase it
it doesn't help me you know then you're
not gonna you're gonna be like oh then i
probably shouldn't be doing this right
so that can help
with the overwhelmingness and like of a
lot of spreadsheets
right but um i think distilling it into
like simple
kpis is really what i found to work
across
many different scenarios it's like just
spreadsheet it out for yourself of like
this is the goal i want to hit
here's how i think we could get there
and you'll do it right it will help you
yeah so just having clear focused goals
and i think the word you used earlier
was core values and
knowing what those core values are to
support the execution of those goals
without those two things the experience
is going to be lackluster
and that flywheel effect will end up
just turning into
just one flat line
a great yeah excellent amelia i just
want to thank you so much for your time
for your energy for your
thoughtfulness if folks want to learn
more about you
learn more about faster want to like
pick your brain on more of
marketing events and running an event
especially as large disaster
how can they find them you know i'm
quite easy to find
i'm on linkedin you guys can dm me or
you can feel free to email me i feel
like everyone on planet earth has my
email but i do try and read
every email i'm just amelia
sasterink.com
um i try you know the best way i would
say is to come to a faster event
um whether it's in person or digitally i
was trying to make time to
chat with folks there um and i try not
to be so behind the scenes
at our events so i can meet all of you
see if you'd be a good speaker for
something
um so yeah that's the best way uh
always be closing i think it's also part
of your dna too so we can get close more
speakers
close more attendees
i love it emilia well thank you again so
much for spending time with me here
office hours it was such a great
conversation very enlightening and very
invigorating too
i can't wait to get to partner with you
more same
excellent thank you
[Music]
you